Now we deployed our first lambda function as being the python lambda.
And next up is a no jast lambda.
And for that purpose let's just go and create our first javascript or not.
Lamda and I'm just going to go to my source directory and from there I'm just going to create a directory
and I'll say node g s underscore lambda just like that.
And within my no just Lamda folder.
I'm just going to create a javascript file and I'm going to name it as my python file so I can use the
same qualifier for my Lemba handler.
So I'll say lambda function just like that.
So the extension would be of course yes.
So now let's go and import our first notice lambda function.
And for that purpose as if you're aware of not yes you're going to have to export the methods for public
purposes and not yes.
So for our handler method we're going to have to expose it and export it so that it can be invoked by
us.
So now let's just say exports dot händler And let's just say function within this function as we previously
did with our Python function.
We're going to pass in an event context and as an extra for javascript function I'm just going to provide
a callback method.
So this Colback method is basically the method that you write that you execute and then it is going
to be called back to the executer.
And I'll just show you that in a minute.
And for our method implementation I'm just going to call my callback method so I can call this method
within my handler method underscoring to pass in a null for my first argument of my callback method
and I'm just going to pass in a string some success message to our method and after that I'm just going
to return an indicator for that success.
So let's just say status scoped is a dead 200.
And our message would be let's just say this is the first note.
J.S. lambda and that's basically all we have to do.
So again for the purpose of this lecture you don't have to know or understand the Colback methods Colback
methods is a nice way for javascript's and also a complicated way to communicate between methods and
parameters and functions and arguments.
So with this Colback method we'll be able to call our method with our handler method.
So that's basically all you need to know and you don't have to worry about if you don't understand it
and you can always go and check out the javascript callbacks.
So after that information.
Now let's just go back to our main implementation and deploy our noses.
Lambda function.